Captcha over ajax documented (#1083)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/http_cache.md

To make the most of the purge option, see [Available tags](#available-tags).

> ## Using Varnish

Author: ```suggestion
### Using Varnish
```

As eZ Platform is built on top of Symfony, it uses standard HTTP cache headers.

> The PHP-based Symfony reverse proxy is used by default to handle cache, but you can easily replace it with any other reverse proxy such as Varnish.

Author: ```suggestion
By default the Symfony reverse proxy, written in PHP, is used to handle cache, but it can be easily replaced with any other reverse proxy like Varnish.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> With Varnish, you can perform cache purging with an http request. For more information, see [Purge types](#purge-types).

Author: ```suggestion
```

!!! note

    Use of Varnish is a requirement for a [Clustering](clustering.md) setup.

> ### Recommended VCL base files

Author: ```suggestion
#### Recommended VCL base files
```

> For Varnish to work properly with eZ Platform, you must use one of the provided files as a basis:

Author: ```suggestion
For Varnish to work properly with eZ, you'll need to use one of the provided files as a basis:
```

- [Varnish VCL example](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.0/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl)

!!! note

    HTTP cache management is done with the help of [FOSHttpCacheBundle](http://foshttpcachebundle.readthedocs.org/). You may need to tweak your VCL further on according to [FOSHttpCache documentation](http://foshttpcache.readthedocs.org/en/latest/varnish-configuration.html) in order to use features supported by it.

> ### Configure eZ Platform

Author: ```suggestion
#### Configure eZ Platform
```

> #### Update your Virtual Host

Author: ```suggestion
##### Update your Virtual Host
```

> You must inform the PHP process that you are behind a Varnish proxy and not the built-in Symfony HTTP Proxy.

Author: ```suggestion
You need to tell the PHP process that you are behind a Varnish proxy and not the built-in Symfony HTTP Proxy.
```

> If you use fastcgi/fpm you can pass these directly to the PHP process, but in all cases you can also specify them in your web server config.

Author: ```suggestion
If you use fastcgi/fpm you can pass these directly to PHP process, but in all cases you can also specify them in your web server config.
```

> ##### On Apache

Author: ```suggestion
###### On Apache
```

!!! note "Multiple Purge Servers"

    If you need to set multiple purge servers, you must configure them in the YAML file.

!!! note "Invalidating Varnish cache using tokens"

    In setups where the Varnish server IP can change (for example on platform.sh/eZ Platform Cloud),
    you can use token-based cache invalidation via [ez_purge_acl](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/blob/2.0/docs/varnish/vcl/varnish5.vcl#L174).

    In such a case use a strong, secure hash and make sure to keep the token secret.

> #### Ensure proper captcha behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Ensure proper Captcha behavior
```

> If your installation uses Varnish and you want users to be able to configure and use captcha in their forms, you must enable the sending of captcha data as a response to an Ajax request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your installation uses Varnish and you want users to be able to configure and use Captcha in their forms, you must enable the sending of Captcha data as a response to an Ajax request.
```

> Otherwise, Varnish prohibits the transfer of captcha data to the form, and users see an empty image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, Varnish prohibits the transfer of Captcha data to the form, and users see an empty image.
```

> To enable the captcha over Ajax feature, modify the configuration file, for example `config/packages/ezplatform.yaml`, by adding the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable sending Captcha over Ajax, modify the configuration file, for example `config/packages/ezplatform.yaml`, by adding the following code:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` yaml
```

> ezpatform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ezplatform:
```

    system:
        default:
            form_builder:
                captcha:

>                     use_ajax: true/false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    use_ajax: <true|false>
```

```

!!! note

>     If you created a custom captcha block for your site by modifying the default file (`vendor/gregwar/captcha-bundle/Resources/views/captcha.html.twig`), you must make the following changes to the custom block template file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you created a custom Captcha block for your site by overriding the default file (`vendor/gregwar/captcha-bundle/Resources/views/captcha.html.twig`), you must make the following changes to the custom block template file:
```
modifying>overriding, I think that's clearer, because AFAIK the user's not supposed to modify files in `vendor`.

    
    - change the name of the block to `ajax_captcha_widget`

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - include the JavaScript file:
    
    ```
    {{ encore_entry_script_tags('ezplatform-form-builder-ajax-captcha-js', null, 'ezplatform') }}
    ```
    

>     - add a data attribute with a fieldId value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - add a data attribute with a `fieldId` value:
```

    
    ```
    data-field-id="{{ field.id }}"
    ```
    
    As a result, your file should be similar to [this example](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-form-builder/blob/master/src/bundle/Resources/views/themes/standard/fields/captcha.html.twig).

> For more information about configuring captcha fields, see [Captcha field](../extending/extending_form_builder.md#captcha-field).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring Captcha fields, see [Captcha field](../extending/extending_form_builder.md#captcha-field).
```

    #### Configuration on Platform.sh

>     If using Platform.sh, it's best to configure the Fastly credentials via [Platform.sh variables] (https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/ez/fastly.html).

Author: ```suggestion
    If using Platform.sh, it's best to configure the Fastly credentials via [Platform.sh variables](https://docs.platform.sh/frameworks/ez/fastly.html).
```
